Add documentation on how to build rocm-jax and set up the dev env (#101)
ROCm/jax-plugin: DEVSETUP.md

```shell
make test
```

### Building PJRT with Local XLA

By default, the Makefile is set up to build with the local copy of XLA cloned
into the top-level of the `rocm-jax` repo. You can modify the `jax_rocm_pjrt`
target to use a different XLA,
```shell
jax_rocm_pjrt:
        python3 ./build/build.py build \
            --use_clang=true \
            --wheels=jax-rocm-pjrt \
            --rocm_path=/opt/rocm/ \
            --rocm_version=7 \
            --rocm_amdgpu_targets=${AMDGPU_TARGETS} \
            --bazel_options="--override_repository=xla=path/to/my/copy/of/xla" \
            --verbose \
            --clang_path=/usr/lib/llvm-18/bin/clang
```

Alternatively, if you have a branch in the `rocm/xla` or upstream XLA repo
that you want to use, you can fetch it with `git` from inside of the XLA clone
sitting at the top-level of the `rocm-jax` repo,
```shell
cd ../xla

# Use a branch in rocm/xla
git fetch origin
git checkout my-xla-feature-branch

# Use upstream's main branch
git remote add upstream git@github.com:openxla/xla.git
git fetch upstream
git checkout upstream/main
```

You can then rebuild and re-install your wheels with,
```shell

> cd ../jax_rocm_plugin
> make clean
> make dist
> source .venv/bin/activate
> make install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source .venv/bin/activate
(cd ../jax_rocm_plugin && make clean dist install)
```

using a sub-shell helps to simplify keeping the work dir unchanged

You  might want to use your local copy of `jax` in the repo's top-level to
fix a bug in the kernels or bindings. You can modify the `jax_rocm_plugin`
target to do this with a `--bazel_options` flag, similar to how we might do
this for a local copy of XLA,
```shell
jax_rocm_plugin:
        python3 ./build/build.py build \
            --use_clang=true \
            --wheels=jax-rocm-plugin \
            --rocm_path=/opt/rocm/ \
            --rocm_version=7 \
            --rocm_amdgpu_targets=${AMDGPU_TARGETS} \
            --bazel_options="--override_repository=xla=../xla" \
            --bazel_options="--override_repository=jax=../jax" \
            --verbose \
            --clang_path=/usr/lib/llvm-18/bin/clang
```

The code in `jaxlib/gpu` tends to change frequently, so it's a good idea to
make sure that your local copy of `jax` is pointed at the JAX release that
we are currently targeting for next release (or the release you're fixing the
bug for),
```shell
cd ../jax

git remote add upstream git@github.com:jax-ml/jax.git
git fetch upstream
git checkout upstream/release/X.X.X
```

## Manual Setup

> If the stack.py script doesn't work or doesn't cover the specific use-case you
> need for debugging a specific issue, you can also set up your Docker
> environment command-by-command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the simplified use of `stack.py` script above doesn't suit you, you can also set up
your development environment with a more control.
```

I mean, you're still using `stack.py` below, aren't you? Just in a different way, so it just can not "not work" for someone (or saying it differently, if it doesn't work - it's a big issue, since it's basically the entry point for the whole dev setup).

Create a fresh ubuntu 22.04 container
```
sudo docker run -it --network=host \
    --device=/dev/kfd \
    --device=/dev/dri \
    --ipc=host \
    --shm-size 16G \
    --group-add video \
    --cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
    --security-opt seccomp=unconfined \
    --rm \
    -v ./:/rocm-jax \
    ubuntu:22.04
```

### Option 1 - Docker Setup Script

Use the docker setup script in tools to set up your environment.

```
cd /rocm-jax
bash tools/docker_dev_setup.sh
```

This will do the following
  - Install system deps with apt-get
  - Install clang-18
  - Install ROCm
  - Create a python virtualenv for JAX + python packages

After this you should re-run stack.py develop to rebuild your makefile
```
python stack.py develop --rebuild-makefile
```

> Now you can build the plugin
> ```
> (cd jax_rocm_plugin && make clean dist)
> ```
> 
> To activate the virtual environment, run the following:
> ```
> source .venv/bin/activate
> ```
> 
> To install the newly built plugin wheels, run the following command:
> ```
> pip install jax_rocm_plugin/dist/*.whl
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Activate the virtual environment
source .venv/bin/activate
# and build and install the wheels
(cd jax_rocm_plugin && make clean dist install)
```

> ### Option 2 - Manual Docker Setup

Reviewer: I really don't think it's a good idea to basically explain here everything that `tools/docker_dev_setup.sh` does, because it quickly becomes obsolete and out of sync with what actually needs to be done (I was even bitten by such issue once). I'd suggest to just say here something like:
> You can fully customize your setup by modifying the [tools/docker_dev_setup.sh](https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-jax/blob/HEAD/tools/docker_dev_setup.sh) script, or doing its steps manually.

This totally eliminates all the risks and keeps things in sync.
